gh-86819: Add ISO-TP CAN socket constants (#23794)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  (Contributed by Bénédikt Tran in :gh:`120029`.)

> socket

Reviewer: Move the socket section above the `symtable` section.

------

> Add constants for IsoTp CAN protocol.

Reviewer: This might be silly, but is it IsoTP or ISO-TP? (if it's the latter, change also the NEWS entry).

Author: done

> Add constants for ISO-TP CAN protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add constants for the ISO-TP CAN protocol.
```

> (Contributed by Patrick Menschel and Stefan Tatschner in :issue:`42653`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Contributed by Patrick Menschel and Stefan Tatschner in :gh:`86819`.)
```

I think you can now use the GH issue instead of the old bpo.

Author: done
